SCMOD-5326: Updated to cache per workflow instead of per workflow per tenant (#26)
CAFDataProcessing/worker-workflow: workflow-to-js-transformer/README.md

}
```

*taskSettings*

> A source of taskSettings maybe specified to indicate that a the key specified can be used to look up the correct value on the input message's customdata. If the key is accompanied by a defaultValue then if the value is not present the default value will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A source of taskSettings may be specified to indicate that a value for a property should come from the input message's customdata. If defaultValue is supplied this will be used when a value is not present in the custom data.
```

https://blogs.transparent.com/english/maybe-versus-may-be/

```
"customData": {
  "OPERATION_MODE": {
    "source": {
      "taskSettings": {
        "key": "ee.operationmode",

> 	"defaultValue": "DETECT"

Reviewer: tab vs spaces

        }
    }
  }
}
```

*repositorySettings*

A source of repositorySettings can be used to indicate that the worker should call out to get the effective repository configuration values for the key provided. 
Repository settings also specify where the repository id can be obtained on the document to make the request. The possible supported source values for the repository id are `CUSTOMDATA` or `FIELD`, the key then indicates the field name to check.

```
"customData": {
  "OPERATION_MODE": {
    "source": {
      "repositorySettings": {
	"key": "ee.grammarmap",
	"repositoryId": {
	  "source": "FIELD",
	  "key": "REPOSITORY_ID"

> 	}

Reviewer: tab vs spaces

      }
    }
  }
}
```

*sources*

> Multiple source can also be specified for a customdata element. This then allows for per job customization of the settings by having one source take precedence over another when supplied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple sources can also be specified for a customdata element. This allows for per job customization of the settings by having one source take precedence over another when supplied.
```

For instance, if supplied with a source of taskSettings and a source of repositorySettings for the same customdata element the taskSettings will take precedence over the repositorySetting if it is supplied, otherwise the repositorySettings will take effect.  

```
"customData": {
  "ee.grammarMap": {
    "sources": {  
      "taskSettings": {
        "key": "ee.grammarmap"
      },
      "repositorySettings": {
	"key": "ee.grammarmap",
	"repositoryId": {
	  "source": "field",
	  "key": "REPOSITORY_ID"

> 	}

Reviewer: tab vs spaces
